tired of needing a flashlight to see
what you're doing
tired of fumbling in the dark to find
what you need introducing the incredible
new slim bright the flexible
super-bright LED lighting system that'll
completely light up your life just push
the button to turn them on and off or
use the Handy remote slim brights
advanced LEDs provide brighter light
than traditional bulbs even though
they're thinner than a penny and look
they're totally flexible so you can wrap
them around any object to brighten up
any dark corner slim brights adhesive
backing lets you easily install them
anywhere without messy tapes or screws
or use the optional hook and hang the
slim right exactly where you need it
when you need it
watch slim right instantly turn that
dimly lit kitchen counter into a bright
usable space turn that dark cabinet into
a bright display unit and that dark
closet into a wardrobe showcase the
bright white LEDs lets you see colors
perfectly so you won't struggle matching
your clothes
slim bright is waterproof so you can use
it outside to light up dark staircases
or as decorative accent lights and
because slim brights are portable and
battery-operated
use them on any outdoor adventure best
of all slim brights LEDs won't burn out
for 10,000 hours so the last for years
and years
versatile slim bright is great for dark
basements and toolboxes perfect for
jewelry boxes and the ideal solution for
reading in bed installing custom
lighting is expensive and time-consuming
and old-fashioned stick-on solutions
simply aren't bright enough
finally you can step out of the dark
ages with the amazing new slim bright
call now to get the incredible slim
bright with a handy remote for a low
price of $12.99 plus handling but wait
call right now and we'll double the
offer and give you two slim rights with
two remotes for endless lighting in
every room just pay processing that's
right you get two incredible slim bright
systems for $12.99 this special offer is
not available in stores so order now
you